Renamed the values for internal & external settlement endpoints in order to avoid confusions (#28)
mojaloop/finance-portal-backend-service: README.md

npm install
```

## External dependencies

> This service is relying on external APIs in order to perform some operations regarding ForEx transactions and delegation of the "commit settlement window" action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This service relies on external APIs in order to perform some operations regarding Forex transactions and delegation of the "commit settlement window" action.
```

> These APIs are not part of the Mojaloop core and their specific implementation and usage is at the discretion of the target deployment. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These APIs are not part of the Mojaloop core, and their specific implementations and usages are at the discretion of the target deployment.
```

> Their endpoints are defined by these configurations values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Their endpoints are defined by these configuration values:
```
